New topics - SRM get started (#1197)
harness/developer-hub: docs/service-reliability-management/notifications/monitoredservice-notifications.md

---
title: Monitored service notifications
description: Notify your team about any changes to your monitored service.
sidebar_position: 10
---

> You can set up notifications for monitored services. This means that your team can receive alerts when any changes occur to a service's code, configuration, behavior, deployment, or infrastructure. These notifications can help keep your team informed and ensure that any issues are addressed quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure notifications for monitored services. Your team will receive alerts whenever there are modifications made to a service's code, configuration, behavior, deployment, or infrastructure. These notifications can help your team stay up to date and ensure that any problems are resolved promptly.
```

Author: Updated

To set up notifications for a monitored service:

> 1. In your Harness project, navigate to **Service Reliability Management** > **Monitored Services**, and then select the monitored service for which you want to configure notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your Harness project, navigate to **Service Reliability Management** > **Monitored Services**, and then select the monitored service for notifications.
```

Author: Updated

2. In the monitored service details page, go to the **Configuration** tab, and under **Notifications**, select **+New Notification Rule**.

3. In the New Notification wizard, do the following:
   
   1. Enter a name for the notification and select **Continue**.

   2. In the Conditions page, select a condition to trigger a notification. You can add multiple conditions. The table below describes various conditions that you can set:

>      | Condition | Settings    |

Reviewer: I would have used a note because MD tables are pretty fragile. You're braver than I am :)

     | **Change Observed**       |  Choose a **Change Type**. A notification is sent whenever changes are detected for that change type.   |
     | **Code Errors**      |   Choose the desired **Events**, such as new, critical, or resurface events, and the **Event Type**, such as log errors. A notification will be triggered when an event of the selected type occurs.  |
   
   3. Select **Next** to go the Notification Method page.
   
   4. Select a **Notification Method** such as Slack, Email, PagerDuty, or Microsoft Teams and complete the following settings:
   
     | Notification Method | Settings |
     | ------------------- | -------- |
     | **Slack**               |    Enter the **Slack Webhook URL** to which the notification should be sent.   |
     | **Email**               |    Enter the email addresses to which the notifications should be sent.      |
     | **PagerDuty**           |    Enter the PagerDuty account or service key to the notifications should be sent.   |
     | **Microsoft Teams**     |    Enter the **Microsoft Teams Webhook URL(s)** to which the notifications should be sent. You add multiple Micorsoft webhook URLs by selecting **+ Add**.     |

>       If you choose Slack, PagerDuty, or Microsoft Teams as your notification method, you can select a Harness user group that is part of a **Project**, **Organization**, or an **Account**. Notifications are sent to the Slack or Microsoft Teams channels that are associated with the selected user group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If you choose Slack, PagerDuty, or Microsoft Teams as your notification method, you can select a Harness user group that is part of a Harness project, organization, or an account. Notifications are sent to the Slack or Microsoft Teams channels that are associated with the selected user group.
```

Reviewer: no need for capitalizing Harness entities like project. No need to bold then either. you might want to add a like to the user group notification docs instead of providing step that might need to be updated at some point.

Author: Updated
